>> Mike: The first thing we'll gonna
do is add a little enhancement
on top of the last solution.
So that we kinda put a bow on it, and
we get rid of the situation where we
had kind of fallback images for everything
in the event that we turned out API off.
And the solution here is, I'm sure there's
a smarter way to do it, but in the moment
I'm just reaching for something that is
obvious, and easy to understand and read.
And it's just going to involve
duplicating a little code.
Now, let's look at the way that
we were handling JSON data here.
>> Mike: So
we've got fetchApiDataWithFallback.
And in many of the situations where
we're first fetching something and
if it comes back and things didn't
work out, we then reach into the cash.
Oftentimes if we get the response,
that's great, we just use it.
In this case we are doing
some stuff beforehand.
I'm just going to copy this and go up to
where we are handling our image stuff.
And here we've got the request for
our image,
here's the situation where we get a 404,
here's the situation where things look
good, where we're getting the real image.
I'm just going to paste this here,
and the only thing I have to
do now is open the cache up so
that we get that cache, right?
Remember, we had cache.open
around this whole function here.
So I'm just going to
copy that line actually.
Beep boop.
And we will do something like this,
return that, it already has return.
Return this thing, it's a promise, right?
Inside the promise we
can paste this stuff.
>> Mike: And at this point,
it should work.
So, I'm gonna start the server back up.
I'm gonna increment my cache,
actually it shouldn't even matter now.
This kind of cache here,
it's just sort of as things go through it,
we're storing it for later, right?
We don't need the installation or
activation process.
That might require us to
sort of bump a version here.
So I fired it up.
And it's building the app, and here we go.
Okay, so
here's the fallback image that we expect,
this little question mark up top,
and now we've seen all these images.
I just want to go and
look in my Application tab
here into the cache's section.
Refresh it, and great.
So now in my Fallback section,
not only do I have a lot of JSON here,
these things that begin with API, but
I've got a ton of images below that.
So now,
this is all the same category of data.
It's stuff that we would prefer
to use the fresh version,
if we lose a connection, we're gonna use
the stuff that we have kept for later.
So now, kill the server,
start our npm run watch.
Let it do its thing, and
when I refresh,
>> Mike: Damn it.
>> Mike: All right,
we're not gonna go down that rabbit hole.
You had it working though,
so it is possible.
I'm probably just missing
something obvious.
That being said, the fallback image
makes this not a breaking issue here.
Let me just,
>> Mike: I'm
just gonna save this for later.
>> Mike: All right, so now we're kind
of back to the starting point here.
So now we're gonna go
through the solution for
the index.html portion of this exercise.
And the first thing I wanna
do is I wanna make sure that
as part of the installation
process of the service worker,
by the time it is activated,
we must have an index.html cached.
That's one file that we are going
to use no matter what path
a user enters our app through.
So they might be on the /orders page where
they can see all of the orders that we
have placed.
We're still gonna reach for
just the regular index.html.
So in this sense the way we
match something in the cache,
it's gonna look a little bit different.
And I want you to pay attention
to that part specifically.
The easiest way, once we already have
a list of resources to precache,
the easiest way to go about
adding index.html to that is
to just push it right into this
toPrefetch array, and we're done.
Now I'm going to have to
increment the cache version,
just so that we get a fresh pass.
Start the server up, and
let's think about what we wanna do next.
So, we're gonna need a little bit
of logic in our service worker.
And the suggestion I
made as we were setting
this exercise up was that
we want to kinda just
handle index.html cases and exit early.
>> Mike: So it'll look like this.
>> Mike: Handle it return,
something like that.
Remember, it's not important what
we return from this function event.
That respondWith, that is the main
thing that's interesting here.
So basically we're just gonna exit early
in the even that we're
handling this situation.
And there's no special sauce here.
These are just tools and rules of
thumb for managing complexity, right?
Cuz a lot is going on
inside fetch at this point.
Let's look back at the slides.
So we have a couple little cheats here,
couple of suggestions.
The first is these two constants.
So I'm gonna put those at
the top of my service worker.js.
That's gonna give us a URL for index.html.
This is important because it's the key
we're going to use when we reach into
the cache.
We might get a request that comes in for
/orders,
we're always reaching just for index.html.
We kind of ignore the path because
we're dealing with the single page up.
The path is an illusion from
an HTTP request standpoint,
it's just that route page.
So, the next thing we're gonna
steal from here is our two checks.
I gave them to you because the point
is not to be tricky about this.
And if you're like me, you probably
keep cheat sheet of things like this.
So less chance of bugs if you're just
always are pulling it from the same place.
You solve it once and then reuse it.
Okay, if it's an HTML request,
I'll just change that like here,
actually, to align with the slides.
And there's our request, so
we have to add event.request.
And if it's an HTML request and
isLocal, so
if we're not dealing with
a Chrome extension or something.
If you ever clicked on something
in Chrome up at the top
where it'll open up
a little widget like this.
That's an HTML document, you don't want to
be dealing with in your service worker.
And that's why we're doing isLocal.
So, we have a bias for
responding with the fetch first.
>> Mike: And
the nature of most static hosting for
single page apps is you can hit
it with any path you want, and
you're just gonna get the same
index.html page back.
So it's fine to do the fetch part of
this a neat way that we've been
working with all along, right?
If you even pass /orders,
if I were to curl that from the terminal,
I'd still get HTML back, it's fine.
Now, if we get a response, that's great.
>> Mike: If we run into a problem, we need
to deal with it a little bit differently.
So here, we're going to return, actually,
I can try to do it, well,
I'll do it like this.
Return caches.match.
>> Mike: INDEX.HTML_URL,
or INDEX_HTML_URL.
So we're always reaching into
the cache for that same thing.
This is the only time we've done this,
everywhere else we've passed
the request object in.
This is a unique thing about
dealing with single page apps and
caching in index.html.
And the last thing is I want
to specify which cache, and
it's gonna be the prefetch cache.
Cuz, remember, I added it to
the list of toPrefetch, that array.
>> Mike: All right,
shall we take it for a spin?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Mike: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.
>> Speaker 2: I thought
someone else was going to say it.
>> Mike: I wasn't moving until someone-
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
I figured, I allow you to keep going.
>> Mike: All right, so here we go.
We're online.
>> Mike: So I'm gonna to Application,
there's a nice little check box
here that lets us go offline.
>> Mike: [SOUND] I'm gonna stop my server.
>> Mike: And it still works,
I'm gonna close code
>> Mike: And it still works.
So we now have an offline application.
Just keep in mind, I want you to
understand how far we've come here.
Keep in mind we haven't really
touched all of the react
stuff that you're seeing on the screen.
And the big idea here is we have
added offline support by putting
something underneath the application
rather than adding a whole bunch of
complex sophisticated stuff
that is entangled with our app.
This is a separate project.
Think of it that way,
it's a separate project.
Separate script that gets built.
You can share modules, right?
It's not even opened anymore.
Although you have six modules and
grab stuff, utility functions and
whatever we need.
But in the end we're left with two
largely decoupled things
that are working together.
And if we took the service worker away,
we'd be looking at the traditional
offline-asaur, right?
So pretty big idea.